Docker compose override (#281)
lf-lang/lf-lang.github.io: docs/reference/docker-support.mdx

The value of the `builder-base`, `runner-base`, and `rti-image` entry should follow Docker's `<user-name>/<image-name>:<tag-name>` naming convention for image names. Docker will resolve the name and pull the image from your local registry, or, if it cannot be found, from DockerHub.
:::

### Option `docker-compose-override`
If you want to set custom runtime parameters for docker, you can use the `docker-compose-override` option. For example, you can set gpu support, shared memory usage, volume mounts etc.

```lf-c
  docker: {
    docker-compose-override: "path/to/docker-compose-override.yml"
  }
```

The path points to your custom yaml file formatted as a docker-compose file. This file will be used to add to and override the default docker-compose file generated by the compiler following the [docker compose multiple file standard](https://docs.docker.com/reference/cli/docker/compose/). Specifically, the compiler generated docker-compose file and your custom docker compose file will be passed as `-f` parameters to docker compose in order.

:::tip

> The service names of your custom docker-compose file should match the service names of the compiler generated docker-compose file. To be more concrete, add `federate__` prefix to reactor names in federated execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service names of your custom docker-compose file should match the service names of the compiler generated docker-compose file. Note that when your program is federated, a `federate__` prefix is used for each service that brings up a federate. For example, if the corresponding reactor instance name is `a`, its service name will be `federate__a`.
```
